Update agile-process.md (#193)
GSA-TTS/FAC: docs/agile-process.md

- **In review** - There is code review or QA happening on this feature

> - **Done (Sprint X)** - The path to "Done" varies by issue type:

Reviewer: ❤️

>     - **User Story** - Acceptance criteria for a task is verified by PM or QA lead on staging, then moved to done. 
> 
>     - **Engineering task** - Acceptance criteria is verified by an engineer on staging, then moved to done. 

Reviewer: We only have a single deployed space at the moment, proposing a change here to reflect that.

```suggestion
    - **User Story** - Acceptance criteria for a task is verified by PM or QA lead on the development instance, then moved to done. 

    - **Engineering task** - Acceptance criteria is verified by an engineer on the development instance, then moved to done. 
```
